Drag them down and kill them
Let go! Let go!
I, Wei Wushuang
How dare you kill me?
I put you out of place in the lower country
Hahahaha
Ten years of war
like walking on flat ground
I'd like to know
What do you want me to do? There is no place in the lower country
Take it off
let go
Emperor
For the sake of our husband and wife
Just let me go
Wushuang, you have to die
Drag Wang Long's mother and brother down too
Hey master
Master, you don't know what he does
Let me go as a soldier
Ouch supreme
For the sake of me being the Peerless Army
Give me a hand.
Shut up, you traitor! Beg for mercy!
Without my permission
Who dares to destroy the Zhao family?